[FaustWP] Ignore robots in plugin redirects (#1709)
wpengine/faustjs: .changeset/brave-horses-laugh.md

---
'@faustwp/wordpress-plugin': minor
---

> Allow robots.txt on be accessible on the WP site and is not redirected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests to robots.txt on the WordPress site are now accessible and are no longer redirected to the front-end site.
```
